feat: Create dind and node images (#1)
cloud-gov/pages-images: README.md

pages-images
============

A series of common container images used in the cloud.gov Pages system.

## Why this project

Pages relies on Concourse CI and CloudFoundry Apps to deliver and serve the platform's different components. This is a centralized repository to hold all of the commonly used images which are hardened and scanned using the cloud.gov [common-pipelines](https://github.com/cloud-gov/common-pipelines) container hardening CI framework.

## How this works

Create a directory in the root of the repository for the name of the image and then a subdirectory for the images's version. To create a Node v20 image, create the directories `./node/v20` and then add the `Dockerfile` and any other supporting scripts under the image version directory.

> All Dockerfiles will take the `ARG base_image` argument which is a hardened Ubuntu Jammy image based the [common-pipelines OCI Pipeline](https://github.com/cloud-gov/common-pipelines/blob/feat-add-pages-pipeline/container/README.md).

Reviewer: This link is broken, as the branch `feat-add-pages-pipeline` has been [merged](https://github.com/cloud-gov/common-pipelines/pull/53). I suspect linking to main will do:
```suggestion
All Dockerfiles will take the `ARG base_image` argument which is a hardened Ubuntu Jammy image based the [common-pipelines OCI Pipeline](https://github.com/cloud-gov/common-pipelines/blob/main/container/README.md).
```

## How this works

Create a directory in the root of the repository for the name of the image and then a subdirectory for the images's version. To create a Node v20 image, create the directories `./node/v20` and then add the `Dockerfile` and any other supporting scripts under the image version directory.

All Dockerfiles will take the `ARG base_image` argument which is a hardened Ubuntu Jammy image based the [common-pipelines OCI Pipeline](https://github.com/cloud-gov/common-pipelines/blob/main/container/README.md).

### Registering a new image

To add a new image to `pages-images` you will also need to create a new ECR repository for the common pipeline image put step to use. Add the name of the repository to the [repositories list](https://github.com/cloud-gov/cg-provision/blob/main/terraform/stacks/ecr/stack.tf) in Terraform and make sure the update has been applied.

### Running Locally

To get up and running quickly, you can build an image locally using the Ubuntu Jammy (v22.04) image as your `base_image`.

```sh
# Navigate into the directory of the image and version you want to build
# Use the general Ubuntu Jammy base image for local development

> docker buildx build . -t <image-tag> --build-arg base_image=ubuntu:22.04

Reviewer: Is there any reason to tag these builds?

Author: To use the image again locally.
